gh-79037: Add signature and body expression to the repr of lambda (#9647)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2018-09-30-21-15-54.bpo-34856.uQBZD7.rst

> The repr of lambda now contains the signature and body expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add signature and body expression to the repr of lambda.
```
I think that this would also be a better PR title.
